
X is a leader that team is happy and proud to work for.

Travail bien fait avec beaucoup de rigueur. Très connaissant et pertinent.

X  is a model on many aspects; totally genuine, generosity with his knowledge, very passionnate, very understanding,
sensitive, very easy to talk to, open mind, just to name a few.

Une connaissance très approfondie des pays en croissance permet à X  de démontrer un fort leadership.

X  connaît tres bien son métier mais montre quand même une ouverture aux idées des autres. Il est très professionnel
et prends toujours en compte les opinions de ses collègues.

X  a une très grande connaissance de la théorie macroéconomique autant à l'échelle des pays développés, ce qui fait
qu'il exerce un leadership certain et une influence certaine par le biais de ses compétences. Ses connaissances en
économétrie sont également excellentes et les textes qu'il rédige sont de grande qualité. Pour ce qui est de son
comportement, je dois dire que X  a un poli social qu'on rencontre rarement. lorsque des travaux lui sont présentés il
donne un avis professionnel honnête (sans compromis intellectuel), mais toujours dans un esprit positif et constructif.
Compétence Rigueur Dévouement pour son travail Diplomatie Facile à travailler.

X  and his team are very collaborative. They receive requests from so many departments in CDPQ but still tackle
these professionally and mostly on time. X  in particular is very detailed-oriented and the work produced by his team is
of a high standard.

X  truly cares about the professional development and satisfaction of those under his supervision. This resonates
through the work the team does, as each individual member takes pride in projects, feeling a sense of ownership in
the work. He keeps the team informed about all aspects of our work - including the purpose, goals, vision, and
recipients - so that each member is able to comprehend the scope of the work and envision the final product we
strive to produce. In many projects, after discussing his vision, he gives team members the independence to execute,
allowing them to display their own creativity and skillsets, but constantly keeping the team aware of the underlying
goal so that the project stays on focus. He is open to suggestions and edits, and is always interested to hear the
thoughts and concerns of each team member. He is proactive in anticipating work that will be useful to collaborators
throughout CDPQ. X  is very fair, and while he pushes the team to meet sometimes stressful deadlines, he himself
often shoulders the longest hours and does not demand anything of those under him that he wouldn't demand of
himself. Even when the workload is high, he is always friendly and positive, and makes people feel valued and special
by offering praise and always remembering the birthdays and other important personal.